Proposal for the introduction of extensions (#527)
PEtab-dev/PEtab: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/petab-extensions.md

---
name: PEtab Extension
about: Suggest a new extension for PEtab core
title: ''
labels: file format
assignees: ''

---

**Name of the Extension**

> Please make sure that the extension is named matches the regular expressin `^[a-zA-Z_]\w*$`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure that the extension name matches the regular expression `^[a-zA-Z_]\w*$`.
```

**Which problem would you like to address?**
A clear and concise description of which use case you want to address and, if applicable, why the current specifications do not fulfill your requirements.

**Describe the solution you would like**
A clear and concise description of the changes you want to propose. Please describe any additional fields / files you would want to add, including allowed inputs and implications.

**Describe why this should not be implemented by changes to PEtab core**
A clear and concise description in what way the proposed changes introduce features that are orthogonal to the PEtab core specification.

**List the extension library that implements validation checks**
A link to the website or github repository that accompanies the proposed extension.

> **List two toolboxes that support the proposed standard **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**List two toolboxes that support the proposed standard**
```
